# Hello-world
Being an agroforester with keen interest in dairy farming, I have initiated a dairy farm project in Cameroon located at the Upper Farms prisions in Buea-SW region. The focus is to empower inmates with skills and make them more productive and be able to generate income when they leave prsion. The Dairy farming project focuses on developing agrosilvopastures and we involve other smallholder dairy farmers in the NW region. Here, we train farmers how to grow healthy pastures, grow maize for silage and produce high quality milk. Developing a sustainable dairy value chain for poor communities using areas were Heifer Project International failed to address. We are reorganizing diary farmers and their ativities to meet the demands of national and international markets according to ISO standards. Our current project site alread have a stable that was constructed by the Germans in 1901 and the prison have large land area on which maize is grown. We partner with the prison to purchase all maize grown (there by providing a ready market for the maize) and transfrom it into silage. Silage making is the only way to maximize production and producitiviy given that we have limited grazing land. In partnership with the prisons, we will be developing some paddocks on which rotational grazing will be done. In collaboration with IRAD (Institute of Agricultural Research for Development) to purchase and transport hay bales made from bracharia, fescue, stylosanthes and other palatable grass species. We are remodeling our pilot dairy farm to meet ISO standards in respect to food safety norms so that our milk can be able to access regional markets.   
